Hello everybody and welcome to this business case.
My name is do you say you.
I am an engineer and an MBA with a focus on technology.
I currently teach and work with my own software development startup.
Before this I used to work on payments processing company for e-commerce stores.
And today we're going to talk about credit card fraud detection.
We're going to use both machine learning techniques to try to solve the problem.
For that the action is really important to any e-commerce store and companies put a lot of money into
prevention.
So single fraud can cost them a lot of money as well.
And today we're going to see how aiight is trying to help solve this problem.
E-commerce has really changed everything.
It would be unthinkable not to solve for the Internet.
It gives us the chance to increase our sales.
But we are exposed to hackers and different sorts of fraud.
For this exercise we're supposed to do our own e-commerce store that sells books.
We're still not Amazon but we have sold thousands of books during the last years.
And today we're going to use our transaction history to build a fraud auction system.
We use a publicly available data set for these with real credit card transactions that have been anonymized.
One of the biggest problems of credit card fraud that action is that anyone can still get 15 or 16 digits
of a credit card with a security code an expiration date so far.
Our store has only use rules based systems to do from that direction but we have seen that this is not
enough.
Rules can be as simple as.
Is this the first purchase ever from this user.
So worth $500 or more complex ones such as DA B is from China.
The credit card was issued in the U.S. and they use our solders in the U.K. It will be our job to tell
about those transactions that come from our users the people who actually own the credit card that is
being used to buy the goods that you are selling from those who have stolen credit card.
One of the biggest issues with this problem is that the vast majority of users will not be fraudulent.
This will make it harder for us to detect the underlying patterns in the information available.
This will cause our data set to be highly unbalanced.
So we need to apply different sampling techniques and use different metrics.
Aside 99 percent accuracy one being that our solution is any good.
It is estimated that only point 1 percent of online credit card transactions are fraudulent.
But given the volume of transactions that occur every day that means a lot of money.
The estimated cost of fraud in the U.S. last year alone is over nine billion dollars.
And this number is increasing year over year.